Bigquery job cancellation (#8103)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/cloud/connect-data-platform/connect-bigquery.md

Job creation timeout seconds is the maximum time BigQuery will wait to start the job. If the job doesn’t start within that time, it times out.

> Starting dbt Core v1.x, when jobs exceed their configured timeout, dbt-bigquery attempts to cancel the job. The cancellation call is wrapped in error handling because it's possible that the job has already completed by the time the cancellation is attempted.

Author: Could you please confirm what version this was introduced in?

> Starting dbt Core v1.x, when jobs exceed their configured timeout, dbt-bigquery attempts to cancel the job. The cancellation call is wrapped in error handling because it's possible that the job has already completed by the time the cancellation is attempted.

Author: Could you please confirm what version this was introduced in?

Also, is it necessary to mention that the cancellation call is wrapped?

Reviewer: > Could you please confirm what version this was introduced in?

It will be released in 1.10

> Also, is it necessary to mention that the cancellation call is wrapped?

I think "attempts" covers it: 
```suggestion
Starting dbt Core v1.x, when jobs exceed their configured timeout, dbt-bigquery attempts to cancel the job. 
```

Author: @colin-rogers-dbt Could you please check the technical accuracy of this revision? Thanks!
```suggestion
Starting in dbt Core v1.10, when jobs exceed their configured timeout, dbt-bigquery sends a cancellation request to the BigQuery job. If the request succeeds, dbt cancels the job. If the request fails, the BigQuery job may continue running in the background until it finishes or is manually canceled.
```

> Starting in dbt Core v1.10, when jobs exceed their configured timeout, dbt-bigquery sends a cancellation request to the BigQuery job. If the request succeeds, dbt cancels the job. If the request fails, the BigQuery job may continue running in the background until it finishes or is manually canceled.

Reviewer 2: active voice
```suggestion
From <Constant name="core"/> v1.10, `dbt-bigquery` cancels BigQuery jobs that exceed their configured timeout by sending a cancellation request. If the request succeeds, dbt stops the job. If the request fails, the BigQuery job may keep running in the background until it finishes or you cancel it manually.

```
